Fixes (#279)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* If a parameter is expected only once in the command, but you specified it multiple times, only the last occurrence of the parameter will be taken.<br>
  e.g. if you specify `p/12341234 p/56785678`, only `p/56785678` will be taken.

* Extraneous parameters for commands that do not take in parameters (such as `help`, `list`, `calendar`, `exit`, `clear` etc.) will be ignored.<br>

>   e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/76084739/139630573-b90d19ff-3ba6-48aa-acbe-74eb26f1c231.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/76084739/139630609-1e69c331-8776-45f8-a0c1-b98a15f21e28.png)
both `help 123` and `remind 123` are invalid commands and returns the same result showing valid command for help, same for other single word commands

>   e.g. if the command specifies `help 123`, it will be interpreted as `help`.

Reviewer: extra params will render the command invalid instead of being ignored..?

* Chaining commands is not supported.<br>

>   e.g. A chain of commands such as `next next back next` or `list calendar day` are not a valid commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e.g. A chain of commands such as `next next back next` or `list calendar day` is an invalid command.
```
```suggestion
  e.g. A chain of commands such as `next next back next` or `list calendar day` are not a valid commands.
```

* You must provide at least one keyword to search for.<br>
  e.g. entering just `find n/` alone is not a valid command as the keyword is empty.

* Tags must only have one keyword.<br>

>   e.g. `find t/zoom math` is invalid. To search by multiple tags, you can do `find t/zoom t/math`.

Reviewer 2: I'll probably reformat find to explain the cases more clearly. Can you revert this first, I'll change on my side, thanks.

  
* The search is case-insensitive.<br>
  e.g. keyword `hans` will match `Hans`.

* A keyword can match a word partially.<br>

>   e.g. keyword `math` will match `mathematics`.

Reviewer 2: I don't think removing solves it as it's not addressed in table? I'll think about how better to represent this.

* End date
* Cancelled dates

TAB has features to help to prevent scheduling mistakes.
For example, we help you avoid mistakes scheduling two lessons at the same slots by ensuring that lessons never overlap.

> Additionally, we help to avoid accidentally scheduling lessons outside working hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we help to avoid accidentally scheduling lessons outside working hours (before 0800 and after 2200 hours).
```

In the future, we intend to add some nice-to-have features that will allow you to customise your working hours,
as well as specify minimum/maximum lesson durations so that accidents like mistyping a 10-minute lesson won't happen.
Additionally, we will allow you to toggle these checks on and off, just in case you don't want them.

> Do look forward to these features!

Reviewer 3: I don't quite understand these additional future features and is there a need to mention these? >.<

Reviewer 4: I think these are to mitigate the feature flaws claims as upcoming features

* End date
* Cancelled dates

TAB has features to help to prevent scheduling mistakes.

> For example, we help you avoid mistakes scheduling two lessons at the same slots by ensuring that lessons never overlap.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, we help you avoid mistakes such as scheduling two lessons at the same slots by ensuring that lessons never overlap.
```

<div style="page-break-after: always;"></div>

### Managing Your Schedule

> This section guides you on how to use TAB's calendar interface. Typing any of the commands in this section will bring you to the calendar interface. Any command from other sections, such as `list` or `tag`, will bring you right out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section guides you on how to use TAB's calendar interface. Typing any of the commands in this section will bring you to the calendar interface. Any command from other sections, such as `list` or `tags`, will bring you right out.
```

**Delete Lesson** | `ldelete INDEX LESSON_INDEX`<br><br> e.g.`ldelete 2 1`
**Pay Lesson** | `paid INDEX LESSON_INDEX amt/AMOUNT_PAID`
**View Calendar** | `calendar`
**View Daily Calendar** | `day`
**View Weekly Calendar** | `week`
**View Monthly Calendar** | `month`
**View Yearly Calendar** | `year`
**Navigate to Today** | `today`
**Navigate forward in Calendar** | `next`

> **Navigate backward in Calendar** | `back`

Reviewer 2: update in Help window as well?
